[docs] Update models.md (#36056)
metabase/metabase: docs/data-modeling/models.md

![Model caching](./images/model-caching-custom.png)

> You can set models to refresh based on one of the default frequencies, or select the **Custom** option to use [cron syntax](https://www.quartz-scheduler.org/documentation/quartz-2.3.0/tutorials/crontrigger.html) to specify your own caching update frequency. We recommend scheduling the cache to refresh on a frequency that makes sense with how often your source tables update with new data. The cron scheduler uses the [Report Timezone](https://www.metabase.com/docs/latest/configuring-metabase/localization#report-timezone) if selected and otherwise uses the System Timezone (which defaults to GMT in Metabase Cloud).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set models to refresh based on one of the default frequencies, or select the **Custom** option to use [cron syntax](https://www.quartz-scheduler.org/documentation/quartz-2.3.0/tutorials/crontrigger.html) to specify your own caching update frequency. We recommend scheduling the cache to refresh on a frequency that makes sense with how often your source tables update with new data. The cron scheduler uses the [Report Timezone](../configuring-metabase/localization.md#report-timezone) if selected and otherwise uses the System Timezone (which defaults to GMT in Metabase Cloud).
```
